[tripletexjs](../README.md) › [Voucher](voucher.md)

# Interface: Voucher

## Hierarchy

* **Voucher**

## Index

### Properties

* [attachment](voucher.md#optional-readonly-attachment)
* [changes](voucher.md#optional-readonly-changes)
* [date](voucher.md#date)
* [description](voucher.md#description)
* [document](voucher.md#optional-readonly-document)
* [ediDocument](voucher.md#optional-readonly-edidocument)
* [id](voucher.md#optional-id)
* [number](voucher.md#optional-readonly-number)
* [postings](voucher.md#postings)
* [reverseVoucher](voucher.md#optional-readonly-reversevoucher)
* [tempNumber](voucher.md#optional-readonly-tempnumber)
* [url](voucher.md#optional-readonly-url)
* [version](voucher.md#optional-version)
* [voucherType](voucher.md#optional-vouchertype)
* [year](voucher.md#optional-readonly-year)

## Properties

### `Optional` `Readonly` attachment

• **attachment**? : *[Document](document.md)*

If the documentation for the voucher has been provided from an external source (e.g. another system via API or a user upload) then this is a reference to the document. This is always a PDF. Note that a voucher may have both a document, an attachment and an ediDocument.

___

### `Optional` `Readonly` changes

• **changes**? : *Array‹[Change](../modules/change.md)›*

___

###  date

• **date**: *string*

___

###  description

• **description**: *string*

___

### `Optional` `Readonly` document

• **document**? : *[Document](document.md)*

If the documentation for the voucher has been generated by the system (e.g. an invoice) then this is a reference to the generated document. This document is always a PDF. Note that a voucher may have both a document, an attachment and an ediDocument.

___

### `Optional` `Readonly` ediDocument

• **ediDocument**? : *[Document](document.md)*

If the voucher is created based on a machine readable document (such as EHF or EFO/NELFO) then this is a reference to that document. Note that a voucher may have both a document, an attachment and an ediDocument.

___

### `Optional` id

• **id**? : *number*

___

### `Optional` `Readonly` number

• **number**? : *number*

System generated number that cannot be changed.

___

###  postings

• **postings**: *Array‹[Posting](posting.md)›*

___

### `Optional` `Readonly` reverseVoucher

• **reverseVoucher**? : *[Voucher](voucher.md)*

___

### `Optional` `Readonly` tempNumber

• **tempNumber**? : *number*

Temporary voucher number.

___

### `Optional` `Readonly` url

• **url**? : *string*

___

### `Optional` version

• **version**? : *number*

___

### `Optional` voucherType

• **voucherType**? : *[VoucherType](vouchertype.md)*

Voucher type. Must not be of type 'Utgående faktura' ('Outgoing Invoice') on new vouchers, instead use voucherType=null or use the Invoice endpoint.

___

### `Optional` `Readonly` year

• **year**? : *number*

System generated number that cannot be changed.
